Add default docker files description to 7.1 release note [skip ci] (#49026)
rails/rails: guides/source/7_1_release_notes.md

Major Features
--------------

> ### [Generate Dockerfiles for new Rails applications]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Generate Dockerfiles for new Rails applications
```

> (https://github.com/rails/rails/pull/46762)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ### Add default Dockerfiles for Rails applications

Author: Do we need to link the title to PR?

> ### Add default Dockerfiles for Rails applications

Reviewer: Yeah, true. I'd like to link it somewhere in the text, but since some titles will not have where to link to, it is better to not add the link in the title.

> ### Add default Dockerfiles for Rails applications

Author: I've already added that in the description

[Default Docker support](https://github.com/rails/rails/pull/46762) to new rails applications.

> When generating a new Rails app, the following Docker-related files will be included by
> default: `Dockerfile`, `.dockerignore`, and `bin/docker-entrypoint`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When generating a new application, Rails will now include Docker-related files in the application.
```
